Document blocking storefront traffic (#1813)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/security/index.mdx

[Security Policy]: https://github.com/saleor/.github/blob/-/SECURITY.md
[Saleor Core]: https://github.com/saleor/saleor/

> ## Restricting API Access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Restricting Public API Access
```

> The `Shop.allowStorefrontTraffic` setting lets you close the GraphQL API to anonymous clients and customers, leaving it reachable only by apps and staff users. See [Blocking Storefront Traffic](../api-usage/authentication.mdx#blocking-storefront-traffic).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Shop.allowStorefrontTraffic` setting lets you close the GraphQL API to unauthenticated & unprivileged users, leaving it reachable only by apps and staff users. See [Blocking Storefront Traffic](../api-usage/authentication.mdx#blocking-storefront-traffic).
```

> Note that this is an access-control switch, not a DoS protection — blocked requests are still parsed and validated before being rejected.

Reviewer: Looks a bit random/out of place:

```suggestion
Note that this is an access-control switch, not a DoS protection and therefore doesn't act as a replacement for the placements of a WAF, proper rate-limits, and other controls.
```
